In The Bleak landscape of war no was one
of the few Palestinian children able to
leave Northern Gaza in
March she ended up here a hospital in
Qatar a sharp contrast to what she left
behind doctors and psychiatrists have
faced a difficult task of trying to help
these children ad just a normal life an
experience that has changed the
psychiatrist as much as the child I
wasn't sure if I'm going to be resilient
enough and supportive and strong enough
but I was astonished by them I learn
from them How brave they are how strong
how resilient they have been so a lot of
suffering they lost as I said families
homes even part of their bodies but they
are still strong they are brave and even
when you talk to them try to encourage
them sometimes you feel they know they
even you learn from them no came with
her grandmother her sole caregiver
having battled leukemia and malnutrition
she now contends with severe burns from
the
conflict her grandmother whom she now
calls mama is by her side every step of
the
way she was at Kamal adwan hospital for
14 days in Gaza the doctor told us she
will die in the morning or in the night
it was hopeless when you touch her it
was like touching wood but thank God we
were able ble to evacuate her her weight
has since increased since being here and
she now has the treatment she needs
recovery for these Palestinian children
is about seeing a different world one
without the fear of bombs and sleepless
nights while no is fortunate to be able
to recover in safe facilities like this
many still remain in Gaza and as these
children have lived through War every
day for the last few months perhaps the
biggest obstacle to recovery is the war
that lives in their
minds life after War looks different for
each child but what they all have in
common is a desire and hope to live
funing wiin Al jazer
Doha make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer